the following report contains some
disturbing
images Carnage at the school
Gates death rained down on children
[Music]
playing Israel says it was targeting
militants on a
motorbike but this was a clearly marked
United Nations school where 3,000 people
had sought shelter
the UN called it
criminal it's incomprehensible how can
this continue to happen with with all of
this information we have told them 33
times exactly where this shelter is last
time an hour before the strike this
morning how does this continue to happen
I mean we've called for investigation
we'll call for an investigation again
we'll condemn this outrageous act of
violence but how can it keep
happening but it did happen again and
more innocent victims were rushed into
Hospital that are
overwhelmed some were treated in the car
park the UN says Israel has killed
around
330 Palestinian children in under 30
days one of the children wounded today
is being treated here he's a 13-year-old
boy and he's in critical condition he
was at the school gates with his
10-year-old brother they were buying
chocolates and sweets with lots of other
children they thought they'd be
safe an ass has shrapnel in his chest
doctors say he keeps asking for his
little brother TK they haven't told him
that he's dead his father zad says they
fled their home three days ago but could
not Escape Israel's
guns there was random shelling at our
house he says they don't differentiate
between young or old we escape to the UN
school to be protected but there's
nowhere to go all we can do is throw
ourselves in the
sea at the school his wife Mariam showed
me the place where she found 10-year-old
tck fatally wounded she tells me he was
a good boy who just wanted a normal
life I want to go to school and learn he
used to say I want to live like every
child why did this happen to my dear son
[Music]
why back at the hospital there was no
room in the morg for all the new Dead
locals insisted to us there were no
militants in or near the school just
defenseless Palestinian
civilians origan BBC news Gaza ch